---
layout: post
title: "brabeion 0.1 Release Notes"
date: 2011-02-19 02:24:15
categories: release-notes
---

Download: <https://pypi.python.org/packages/source/b/brabeion/brabeion-0.1.tar.gz>

This release includes the following:

* bump for 0.1
* 0.1.dev14
* fixed incorrect sending of badge_awarded signal (due to variable re-name)
* renamed a local variable to make it more clear what it is and pass it to callable user_message
* 0.1.dev12
* renamed Badge.message to Badge.user_message and accept a callable
* cleaned up send_badge_message signal handler and handle only the AttributeError
* Merge remote branch 'joshourisman/master'
* Merge branch 'master' of github.com:eldarion/brabeion
* Killed an internal only class that wasn't serving much purpose.
* fixed .gitignore to work with forced created directories
* force creation of Sphinx directories
* corrected release variable in conf.py
* added requirements for development environment
* added setup.cfg used for documentation building/uploading
* Clear up the asynchronous badges section
* Don't use get_profile()
* Lots more details
* Be a bit more verbose in describing what brabeion does.
* Point the readme at the netire docs directory
* Better metadata
* Better text and better interlinking.
* Document the model.
* Added docs for signals
* Added docs for the templatetags
* Merge branch 'master' of github.com:eldarion/brabeion
* Added more, better, and awesomer docs.
* moved messaging into signal handler; much cleaner and requires no other modifications this way
* modified BadgeAwarded to accept a message argument and actually_possibly_award to send messages when specified
* 0.1.dev11
* Merge branch 'master' of github.com:eldarion/brabeion
* AwardedBadge now proxies attributes from it's badge.
* 0.1.dev10
* Merge branch 'master' of github.com:eldarion/brabeion
* Added a badges for user tag.
* 0.1.dev9 (dev8 was lost in battle due to stale MANIFEST)
* 
* 0.1.dev7
* Update setup.py script ofr new package.
* 0.1.dev6
* Implemented a badge_count templatetag.
* Merge branch 'master' of git@github.com:eldarion/brabeion
* Added ignore_result to the celery task.
* indentation is wrong in docs
* Work with python2.4, losing the context manager hotness is sad.
* Remove a python2.5 dependency.
* Merge branch 'master' of git@github.com:eldarion/brabeion
* Make loading the user on a BadgeAward lazy.
* Mutating state is ok, but you still need to return it.
* corrected template name
* bump
* fixed URL view name and name
* 0.1.dev3
* optional celery
* bump dev version
* put back some accidently removed code
* added views and URLs
* Added support for the async attribute on badges.
* Support awarding badges to other users.
* Fix force_timestamp
* Update docs to reccomend kwarg usage for BadgeAwarded.
* Allow overiding the timestamp on badges.
* Send a signal when a badge has been awarded.
* Added tests, fixed bugs.
* Started adding tests.
* Correct the model name.
* Update the docs for the new public API.
* Fix a typo
* reorganize the modules, and imports
* Merge branch 'master' of git@github.com:eldarion/brabeion
* A fix
* whitespaces
* Remove a superflous condition
* Correct a pair of issues in the setup.py
* Correct the capitalization of Django.
* Change imports to conform to the pinax style guide.
* Corrected another pair of typos.
* Corrected a typo
* Added some initial usage docs.
* Complete the renaming of codename to slug
* Rename Badge.name to Badge.slug
* Fix a typo in a comment
* Added a working setup.py file
* Added contents to the license.
* Correct a few errors pyflakes caught.
* Added a convenient API for accessing info about the AwardedBadge.
* Added the primary instantiation of the BadgeCache.
* Initial checkin.
