---
layout: post
title: "phileo 0.3 Release Notes"
date: 2012-04-28 05:47:57
categories: release-notes
---

Download: <https://pypi.python.org/packages/source/p/phileo/phileo-0.3.tar.gz>

This release includes the following:

* 0.3
* 0.3.dev3
* Update included tags and jquery plugin /  / - Remove unnecessary blocks / - Break apart js and widget / - Add ability to control language in widget
* Fix white-space violations
* Update docs
* 0.3.dev2
* Add request object to signals
* Add jQuery plugin on page load, not domready /  / The phileo plugin was added to jQuery in the domready event callback. As / this plugin could be loaded at the bottom of a page - AFTER phileo / widget scripts - it was possible for the phileo plugin to not be / loaded when the widgets were initialized in the domready event. As the / phileo plugin does not need the DOM to be ready to set itself up, the / plugin now loads as the page is loading. This allows phileo widgets to / be inserted before the phileo plugin script and for everything to still / work.
* Checking for likable models is now more robust /  / `phileo.utils_allowed` handles string arguments, and Model arguments now, / and treats them appropriately. This way, you can pass in either a Model / instance OR a string already in the 'app_name.model' format and both are / handled correctly. /  / When using the `likes` tag, the PHILEO_LIKABLE_MODELS list is / checked before the likes for that model are queried. If the model is not / in PHILEO_LIKABLE_MODELS, that model is skipped.
* Removed an extra ContentType lookup
* Updated the docs with the new template tag
* Removed an erroneous href attribute from a span
* Include the user in the phileo_widget context /  / Anonymous user detection wasnt working correctly, as the user was not / always in the template context at render time. This resulted in the / 'like' button just plain old not being shown in some circumstances, / which is incorrect. By explicitly including the user in the context, / this problem is solved
* Like list tag defaults to all registerd models /  / `likes user as like_list` defaults to using all registered models / when no models are specified, to allow easy listing of all likes in an / application - which is probably the main use case for this.
* Add a `render_like` template tag /  / `render_like like` renders the given like and prints it in the / template. The template that it uses depends upon the liked instance, and / is either: /  / * phileo/<app>/<model>.html / * phileo/<app>/like.html / * phileo/_like.html /  / This allows for custom like templates on a per model and per application / basis.
* Handle anonymous users by not showing the button
* 0.3.dev1
* Merge branch 'security-fix'
* Update change log
* Prefer to keep this sort of thing out of repo
* Change registry to a setting
* Likable models must be registered with phileo first
* Add a default value for widget_id /  / The widget_id when rendering a like widget defaulted to None, which / broke the widget when no id was supplied. This creates a default id for / widgets, which should be unique for that model instance. /  / Conflicts: /  / 	phileo/templatetags/phileo_tags.py
* Reworked the widget form, including the JavaScript /  / - Turned the JavaScript code in to a jQuery plugin, removed most of the /   initialization code from the individual widget templates to a external /   JavaScript file, and added a `phileo_js` tag to load this plugin. / - Each like button gets a unique ID, so multiple like buttons can appear /   on a single page / - Made the widget a plain old form. This way, it works without /   JavaScript. Additionally, the CSRF stuff is included in the form by /   default, so the ajax_csrf.js script is obsolete
* Update setup.py
* Update docs/index.rst
* Update README.rst
