---
layout: post
title: "kaleo 1.0 Release Notes"
date: 2013-01-14 00:24:49
categories: release-notes
---

Download: <https://pypi.python.org/packages/source/k/kaleo/kaleo-1.0.tar.gz>

This release includes the following:

* 1.0
* Update docs per 1.0 changes
* Rewrite view to support bootstrap-ajax /  / A secondary benefit to this is the separation of / concerns between the form and the view. The / validation logic was relocated to live in the form. /  / As a result the form now requires a user object / upon instantiation.
* Update view to use different imports/decorators /  / 1. We can generally expect the json module to be /    available now, so no need to use what ships with /    django / 2. require_POST is just simpler and more direct / 3. Using login_required is clearer as well instead /    of using custom logic.
* Replace remaining_invites template tag /  / Replaced in favor of a simple inclusion tag called / invites_remaining that will ship with a sane default / template.
* Translate templates
* Remove pointer to blog post /  / The blog post pretty much is duplicating much of / old docs. Since docs are available and are kept / up to date, the blog post is more and more / irrelevant.
* Relocate signal receiver code to its own module
* Style cleanup
* Add documentation for new infinite_invites command
* Update copyrights
* Support new url format in Django 1.5
* Merge https://github.com/eldarion/kaleo
* clarified topoff_invites
* Fix doc bug per #1
* Document management commands /  / Fixes #1
* Bumped version for next release
* Improved HTTP response when user not authenticated /  / Returning a HTTP redirect from login_required is designed for the web browser / and a human as the end-user; invite is used by JavaScript. Return an error / more suitable for the end-user.
* Add infinite_invites management command
